[PLEASE SQUASH] Update SQL Server Express edition specifications (#10297)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/pricing-guidance.md

> [!NOTE]  
> SQL Server 2025 introduces separate Enterprise Developer and Standard Developer editions of SQL Server.

> If you want to run a lightweight workload in production (<4 cores, <1-GB memory, <50 GB/database), use the freely licensed **SQL Server Express edition**. A SQL Server Express edition VM also only incurs charges for the cost of the VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run a lightweight workload in production (<=4 cores, <1-GB memory, <=50 GB/database), use the freely licensed **SQL Server Express edition**. A SQL Server Express edition VM only incurs charges for the cost of the VM. However, many [features](/sql/sql-server/editions-and-components-of-sql-server-2025) necessary for production, such as Enterprise-level disaster recovery features, aren't available in the Express edition, so be sure that it meets your business needs before deployment. 
```

For these development/test and lightweight production workloads, you can also save money by choosing a smaller VM size that matches these workloads. The [D2as_v5](/azure/virtual-machines/dasv5-dadsv5-series) might be a good choice in some scenarios.

> To create an Azure VM running SQL Server 2022 with one of these images, see the following links:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an Azure VM running SQL Server 2025 with one of these images, see the following links:
```
